a lot of church fathers are divided by thi, some say it's allegorical, some not. 
but I think it can exist with evolution, the "sin" spread to human and to other beings as well. I don't think it contradicts that premise "thorgh man , sin entered the world". 
or if you say "death", well death can also mean sin in some of paul's letter, or if not, death in the afterlife? it can mean physical death but I think adam and eve were mortal already (again, some churhc fathers may not agree but it doesn't contradict evolution IMO cuz bible is not a scientific book, the church fathers doesn't have modern science and ancient writeres never thinks of them). like the consequences of not having the tree of life? bible wouldn't talj much about evolution even if thery were true, much like the bible wouldn;t talk about interent, social media. because things like that are modern disoverires of today and didn;t exist in minds of ancienct authors. 

we can't really fit genesis as literal because the day1 and day4 stuff is too good to be true. also dead sea scroll maybe iglnided because church fathers didn;t have that , maybe?

or another way is that thr reason gensis describes a 7 day creation is because is talking about a 7 day temple inauguration(beggining?). isaiaha 66L1-2 and psalm 132. and note solomns temple inauguration in 7 days in 1 kings. in anceint near eastm including texts of egyptians and mesotopanmmans which are thousand of years older than bible and even israelm tmeples are modeled after creation and older temple texts include 7 day contrsuct. to say that temples were inaugurated in 7 days because of creation is to confuse history. it also begs some strange questions as to how do many other nations around israel received revelations because their texts include 7 day creations and cosmic emple creations. unless you think it's ok for pagan nations predating israel to be devinely inspired. the bible tells us that gensis is a temple. as noted , that's why God rests on the 7th day. he's resting on his throne. and much like king solomon, thrones of course for kings. people can ignore the ancient near east context if that's just what the bible is talkinga bout. 


does that mean it was stolen from pagans? simple put, theree wasn't some original genesis text in primordial histroy that pagan text texts were copied off. genesis rather is written in a polemic fashion againts pagan oppotents. genesis didn't come first , the context came first, then genesis was written in that context. like ex: hebrew came first before genesis, you dont geet genesis as something that exist before hebrew itherwise genesis would've just been written in another language, but of course there is no geneis narrative before 1st milenum BC. 