universe again there are views if you want, to say there are a beggining or not. 

im just saying that there is because my fundamental concept of science and logic. 
]
infinite past is impossible? not really, but  therefore 
in a sence of universe , it's not possible because we have to be in "the universe" of infinite past which is impossible for us to be in infinite past. or the universe itself, it's impossible to have infinite past in universe but in God , it's possible. 

infinite pass is possible but you have to be timeless, universe itself have time. 

second, in a God sence, it's possible because God is immterial and spaceless and timeless but the universe has time and space, so it's impossible. 

okay, cuz the unvierse as we know have a beggining because it's impossible for us to be in a infinite time of space. we know there must be a creator. 

does the creator have a beggining then? no because the cause has to be immaterial, uncaused causer. then does the universe have a beggining? yes because universe is materalistic. 

because we are in the universe and it's impossible techancally for us to live in a infinite past, and god is outside the unviserse so it's possible. 


The argument against an infinite universe can be broken down into five steps:

1. For a physical system to do work, it needs to have order within it. It also needs differences (disequilibrium)—for example, temperature or pressure or molecular distribution—for it to do work.
2. Once the physical system does work, it loses a small amount of its order. As a result, it is not capable of doing as much work as it could in its previous state. (Think again of a campfire burning or of ice melting.)This movement from order to disorder is called “entropy.”
3. For statistical reasons alone, entropy (the movement from order to disorder) is irreversible in the long term (though there may be random fluctuations toward lower entropy that do not and cannot last long).
4. If the universe is an isolated physical system (the assumption of the standard Big Bang model), then the universe could not have existed for an infinite amount of time because if it had, then today, it would be at a state of maximum entropy (and would have reached maximum equilibrium for the reasons stated in 1-3 above). It would be a dead universe incapable of any work.
5. But the universe is not at maximum entropy (maximum equilibrium); there are hot stars, and cold space, galactic clusters and empty space, and physical systems are continuously working—stars burning, planets forming, and physicists thinking about it.





or a second way of thinking is that it IS impossible to have infinite past. but it's possible to be eternal, eterna;l means it doesnt bound by time and cannot be measured with the time of humans, and with us there is past , now and future, but god, no.  so going beyond time is possible for God?