i wanna to say first, if it doesnt make sense to your logic , doesnt make something false or make your's true., we grow up with different standards of logic. muslim told me "which is more logical". hey if that's your standard, i can say mine is more logical. but anyways, 
or if you think 1 logic is more "logical" than the other, that doesnt make your's true. even hindu, doesn't make sense with the gods, can still be true even if it's "illogical" to you. 

muslim says "if jesus is independent from Father, that's 2 gods", if he's dependent" he cannot be 100% God as God is 100% independent"


does it make more sense for God to be independent?
not really, because just because there are 3 persons of god, that doesnt make God dependent or "weak". 
it's not a matter of the depending or needing one, but it is what GOD is. 

just from my answer: 
if you think  God is not independent because he has 3 person, that doesnt make the "God independent" true as well, what makes more sense to you and prob doesnt technically makes sense for me ,that doesnt make your's true as well, cuz this muslim says "which is more logical".
your standards is saying God is one , that doesnt disprove any facts at all. 

second, God IS for me NOT indepedent but rely on the other persons to WORK TOGETHER In harmony. that doesnt make God not powerful or weaker or not independent. it's that all of them humbled themselves and work together, it's IMo better than just having 1 person 1 God be "independent" . but that doesnt diprove anything tbh. 

God can still be powerful and be dependent on its other persons because the "goal" of them are the same, they can never have different taughts(except human form jesus). but again, it's still possbile to be powerful and rely because the same "goal" the trinity has. 
if you think, well God has to be powerful and independent because God is all powerful.

but again, it's not really the matter of depending, but it is what GOD is. 

from comments asying: the Godhead do not depended on each other for their existence but the exitence of the 3 persons is a result of God's willing himself to exist as three persons. This is a necessary act of God's nature which results in 3 persons of the godhead. 

mushi: 


laoshi:Memahami konsep Tritunggal, tdk dipahami dlm pengertian seperti 3 Allah. Kl 3 Allah, maka Bapa, Yesus dan Roh Kudus adalah Allah yg tdk membutuhkan satu dg yg lain.

Bapa, Yesus dan Roh Kudus secara pribadi memang berbeda. Tetapi karna 1 hakikat, maka 3 pribadi tdk bisa dipisahkan, atau kalau dalam istilahmu bergantung atau tidak, maka jawabannya adalah bergantung.
ang dimaksud Tuhan tdk bergantung itu adalah Allah Tritunggal tdk bergantung kepada siapapun, dan tdk membutuhkan sesuatu diluar diriNya. Karna Bapa Anak dan Roh Kudus sdh cukup dalam dirinya sendiri



