why mustard seed to said the smallest seed?
we have to look at the context and the theology. 

jesus is talking about the jewish peasant at the time. Jesus is talking about illocution is similar to allegorical. the inteded or implied result of the statement. like "youre standing my foot", which means get out of my foot/way. 

Like jesus doesn't litteraly mean to get a LOG out of someone's eye. we need to know the theology. 

mustard seed is an example of how we see the kingdom of God. so what, jesus waas suppose to use the smallest seed possible? the jwish at that time wouldn't evne know what that seed was, so the theology cannot be grasp.

Also it referenece the seed jewish farmers use , the smallest of the seed the farmers used was the mustard seed. (matthew 13:31-32)


In every translation of the parable, it refers to the mustard seed as the smallest of all sowed seeds that can make the biggest of trees once it has grown, larger than that of all of the other plants grown in a garden.

Orchid seeds are smaller, but in the context of the passage and of Israel in the 1st century, the mustard seed was the smallest sowed seed in Israel that grew into the largest kind of tree.

While orchid trees grow up to 1.5m in Israel, mustard seed trees grow up to 30 feet tall. 

In context, it is not speaking of the entire Earth. Are you incapable of understanding what hyperbole is? 

There are many instances in the Bible where 'Earth' only refers to the ground. My example with Genesis 8:13 confirms that. It is not necessary to falsely assert that Jesus is speaking of the entire Earth when it is clear that he is referring to the ground of farmers, for which they sowed seeds, as he states in his parable.

When Plato talks of the Sun being a child, do you think that he is saying that the Sun is a young child with 2 legs that can run around, or do you recognise that he is using parabolic language to emphasise the fact that the sun, like a child, provides the light and joy of the world?

You need to go back to English classes and learn what hyperboles are


sayinf like penny is the smallest in my collection, but we know dime is smaller, but it is in MY COLLECTION



Definition of Hyperbole:

"Exaggerated statements or claims not meant to be taken literally"

Again Jesus was explaining it in terms thwy could understand, and also it wasnt just the smallest seed it could also grow to be one of the largest, again Jesue quite never specified he was actually saying it as fact considering he uses it as an example. Not only that why would you give useless information to his followers about a seed they probably never heard off. Narrative wise it wouldnt work as then he would have to explain himself when the entire point was to teach theology not factual fact. Lastly again it is your narrative, if you dont want to follow the church thats fine but saying its a falsehood when we give you answers you decide to deny then thats on you. Narrative or not Jesus did not lie, to them at that time it was there crop, why would he talk about another crop? Not only does it connect them to the seed but the agriculture the farmers had to do get to the seed to grow large. He wasnt using it as complete factual statement, simply put he was using an item that was KNOWN and common to connect it back to religon. No need for another analogy with something that has no context. And again Jesus did not write the passege, from all we know his disciples couldve taken insparation from him and either changed the word to make more sense in our language or they fully got what Jesus said without the need of accuracy

The feeding of a 5000 wasn't a collection of claims, it was the telling of a story. It doesn't class as hyperbole.


if you read the greek, if forceful, it means "smaller than all the seeds that are upon the soil". ges means soil or earth, but it's usually means soil, so it just means smallest upon the soil in israel. not on earth.

