yes there are evidence like empty tomb and witness. if you say they are not reliable, why not? it is the MOST LIKELY EXPLANATION, THE THING THAT MAKES THE MOST SENSE. 

okay, if you think jesus didn't rose from the dead, prove it, where is his body right now? if you can't prove it, im gonna say jesus rose from the dead. 
like if you say , if you can't prove jesus rose from the dead, youre gonna say he never rose from the dead then. 

they willingly go to the dead by seeing what they saw, tbh I CANNOT DO THAT and that DOES increase the probablity of the miracle actually happened, because multiple people actually saw it and willingly want to die for it, almost none will do that unless they are cooko bear, but judge by their writings, they are not crazy. . what about muhammad or his companion? muhammad is only 1 person and his companion only hear what he has to say NOT by their own experience. 

again , your standpoint right now because you dont believe in miracles and that's why you're going for more natural causes, I believe in miracles because there have been to this day "miracles", well not technically but like posses demons and stuff like that idk. you only evaluated your own experience, not other's, like people possess by the dead. you can't say your experience establishes unalterable laws. 

1/3 opeople experience spiritual experience. but again, you can assume that's a lie. but again that's arguing in a circle. 

like ex: if you've never seen ice in your life, you can assume ice doesn't exist then by david hume's logic, ice would violate a law of nature since it's beyond uniform experience. 

again if you want to say a miracle exist, you have to give evidence AND what's the most probable cause. like ex: it's MOST likely that the apostle telling the truth instead of lie. the miracle itself to be more probable than if the person was lying. 


miracles are events beyonf the natural order, not violation. it's when an agent outsde the natural world inserts something in the system the natural world ccould not bring through its own regularity. 
miracles doesnt violate the law but outside agent change smth that the laws of nature would describe had normal operations taken place but they are ot violated because something natural doesnt cause the effect but smth beyond it. 


like if you have 1,000 pounds of gold and 1,000 punds the next day, if you open, it should be 2,000 but now it's 0. does it violate the law of matemathics? no it's because likely a theif stole it. 

also modern science DOES NOT prohibit miracles because in quantum mechanics, we know universe is probabilistic not deterministic. the laws of nature are only approximataions of what will most likely happen but IRREGULARITIES are allowed at the far end of the prob bell curve. it is 0.1%. it's rarely occur though. 